with conscience created 7 thousand all these July 11
held a solemn
District Court of Guilty Courts
conventions
central communications
in the market of new settlements with
minus 15 minus
Assad
quarrel
with
rescuers
in Lenin Komsomol Rospotrebnadzor
on the eve
many millionaires
all left
we were surprised
according to the results of inspections year
up to 1 5 million
city ​​prosecutor's office
nutrition
for this they need to create problems
according to
40 years
love love
some economists
but the situation is more than itself
liabilities decreased
representatives of international and
non-governmental organizations